
---
title: Limit Buy Execute ETSY
date: 2018-06-14
category: ETSY
tag: Limit Buy Execute
permalink: 2018-06-14-ETSY
---

* 没有dividend


## 2018/06/14 Thursday

announcement: raise its transaction fee from 3.5% of sales to 5% of sales. 


Etsy is optimistic about how these changes will impact its business in 2018. The company is now guiding for full-year gross merchandise sales (GMS) to increase 16%-19% and revenue to rise 32%-34% year over year, respectively. This is up from a previous forecast for GMS and revenue growth of 16%-18% and 22%-24%, respectively. Notably, revenue growth this steep would mean Etsy's year-over-year revenue growth rates continue to accelerate.

Management is keeping its forecast for its adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) margin of 21% to 23% the same, despite the expectation for more rapid revenue growth. This reflects the company's plans for more substantial reinvestment plans.

The company also announced new seller subscription packages:

Etsy Standard
* Access to the nearly 35 million active buyers in Etsy’s marketplace.

* All the seller tools and services Etsy currently offers that help creative entrepreneurs start, manage and grow a business.

Etsy Plus, available July 2018

* Access to everything in Etsy Standard

* Advanced shop customization options

* Targeted restock notifications

* Discounts on branded packaging and promotional materials

* Free or discounted custom web addresses

* $5 monthly Promoted Listing credit and 15 free monthly listing credits

Etsy Premium (available August 2019)
* Access to everything in Etsy Standard and Etsy Plus

* Advanced management tools specifically designed for business owners with employees

* Premium customer support

* More details to be announced in the coming months



### reasons to buy

* 当天上涨28%, 第一次大幅上涨
* 交易量放量, 还能涨
* 预期能再涨至少10%

$\$42.15 * 28股 = \$1180.2 $

